Incoming livestream: Hello, everyone. Are we welcome and ready to get started?
Incoming livestream: We're gonna, we're gonna cut, we're gonna get going, in just another minute or so.
Incoming livestream: So we'll slowly, painfully make our way back to our seats.
Incoming livestream: Finish grabbing croissants.
Incoming livestream: Move our conversations to the hallway…
Incoming livestream: While we're doing that, of course, Gotti already thanked our sponsors. I also want to thank the volunteers. That is one of the things that makes community conferences, so 50 reviewers,
Incoming livestream: Going through a whole bunch of, of sessions, and really just having really great debates about what is the right…
Incoming livestream: Focus, and what is the goals for what is this sort of new and… unknown field?
Incoming livestream: Another 50 people… And there's some overlap, registration, figuring out operational details.
Incoming livestream: Bringing sort of this whole thing together. It is, as always, a ton of work.
Incoming livestream: So I'm gonna ask once again if we could start to calm down the conversations in the back of the room.
Incoming livestream: Slowly bring the volume down so we can respect our speakers. We've got 4 talks coming up.
Incoming livestream: Over the next hour and a little bit, continuing morning's theme of defensive blue team work.
Incoming livestream: One more ask for the guys in the back, and we're gonna get started.
Incoming livestream: Also remind you, we have talks downstairs, too, and an overflow room downstairs that no one will mind if you talk in.
Incoming livestream: But… We'll get started regardless. That's what, that's what PA systems are for, right?
Incoming livestream: Immediate next talk.
Incoming livestream: Guardrails will be fine on vibes from, Stripe. Up here. Downstairs, pretty cool talk, too. Army Cyber Command, is talking, so, yeah, Chase Holbrook is down there. So,
Incoming livestream: Get to where you need to be, and let's get started. Up here, please welcome Jeffrey and Sid.
Incoming livestream: Cool, yeah, I hope everyone had a nice coffee break. So today we'll be talking about the very interesting topic of how we ship security agents in production, and how we leverage guardrails along the way.
Incoming livestream: So specifically, we're gonna focus on two agents, a threat modeling agent and a security routing agent.
Incoming livestream: So, you know, we could probably use a little bit more creativity in those names, but the core problem we're trying to solve with our security team, and maybe, you know, you've seen this in your security org as well, is, you know, too many security reviews, and not enough human time, and also getting our users the answers to the questions they need efficiently.
Incoming livestream: So, here's our agenda for today, but very concretely, we're going to dive into, you know, the architecture of these agents, how we approach quality and measured accuracy.
Incoming livestream: How we met users where they were throughout the process, and finally finish off with some learnings.
Incoming livestream: And as mentioned before, Sid and I are software and security engineers at Stripe.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so there are two main problems we tried to attack using AI for security at Stripe. One of them being security routing, and what I mean by that is, how do we get users, given so many different security teams, to the right one, while minimizing development time and friction for security engineers? Another problem we were trying to solve is with threat modeling, and what I mean by that is with the rise of use of AI in the software development lifecycle, how are we attacking this increased demand for security guidance?
Incoming livestream: And of course, there are a bunch of different challenges associated with creating agents for the two, but one of the main challenges we focused on was hallucinations. As we've all come to know and love, AIs can and will hallucinate. And these hallucinations can actually end up recreating the problem we're trying to solve in the first place. For example.
Incoming livestream: with…
Incoming livestream: Folks.
Incoming livestream: I don't like disturbing talks in the middle, and for those online, I'm sorry. Everybody in the back, please be very, very quiet, or I'll kick you out. This room has a bad echo.
Incoming livestream: If you want to talk, get out. Love ya.
Incoming livestream: Okay, folks, in the back, sorry. Everybody please shut up.
Incoming livestream: Thank you so much. Appreciate your time today. Thank you for listening. Please continue to talk.
Incoming livestream: For example, with security routing, if we're routing people to the wrong team, then we're having to get security engineers and developers re-involved in this whole process of getting them back on track, recreating the problem.
Incoming livestream: Cool, so with that context in mind, we're gonna dive into how we approach the design, starting with our threat model agent. So one important consideration we had to make in the beginning was, will this agent be more of a long-running, right, async process in the background, or do we need to be more conversational and faster in its response time?
Incoming livestream: And that way, we could look at the, you know, trade-offs between, hey, do we want to focus on accuracy and processing, rather than having to get a very fast response?
Incoming livestream: And so in our case, we actually opted for the latter. You can imagine we have a security review ticket come into our queue, and our agent can take the time and processing time that it needs to get back a response.
Incoming livestream: So this led us to take a modular multi-agent structure. So on the right, you can see that we have an orchestrator agent, which has a couple parameters it takes in, based on our intake form. For example, our security review category.
Incoming livestream: It then feeds it into input agents, relevant security agents, and then lastly, our output agents. So our input agents, the main goal is to get the relevant additional input contacts that come, you know, in your tickets. Sometimes there are Google Doc links, you know, Slack threads, additional information that's relevant that we want to include for our security agents.
Incoming livestream: And with our security agents, we tried to take a very specialized, targeted approach. And so what I mean by that is, you know, imagine we have a third party, you know, security view agent. We wanted to make sure that it was specific to that category, and when we were balancing determinism versus non-determinism, we believe that there was a core baseline of required questions.
Incoming livestream: That was required to, you know, make any third-party security review complete.
Incoming livestream: Things such as, you know, what's the data sensitivity involved, what's the data transport protocols, right? What's the auth story there? And so, this doesn't necessarily limit what the agent could, you know, review, but it had to at least include information on these points to get a complete, you know, successful threat model.
Incoming livestream: The other decision that we made was to be very intentional with the tools that we used, and so one that I'll explicitly call out is having great internal guidance tools. You know, LLMs are good at giving more generic security context, but what's really powerful is having
Incoming livestream: You know, company-specific guidance that aims to, you know, provide risks and mitigations that can be actionable
Incoming livestream: And then lastly, these are fed to our output agents, and you can… we'll talk about this a bit more later on, but you can imagine there's different audiences that want different formats.
Incoming livestream: Now, why did we take this more, you know, sequential agent approach? And the reason behind that is we wanted more predictable behavior for certain areas. We always want the input agent to run first, security agents, you know, to do analysis in parallel, and then lastly, our output agents to run.
Incoming livestream: We found that when we gave, you know, our orchestrator agents too much agency, it wouldn't always run the relevant specialized agent that we wanted it to.
Incoming livestream: Now, this doesn't mean we're stuck, you know, with this sequential approach. We're thinking of doing a more hybrid one, where, similar to how we approach the core baseline, you know, maybe we have a core baseline of security agents we need to run based on human input, right?
Incoming livestream: But, if it's a very vague category, we want to layer on top agency from the orchestrator agent to say, hey, maybe, you know, a web-specialized agent is applicable here.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so for the security routing agent, we decided to take a different approach instead of the sequential agent structure, especially given the fact that any question, could be dealt with for security routing. So, instead of using a more sequential structure, we used a… initially, we started with a one-step LLM call. Give it no access to tools, no access to the internet or anything local at Stripe. Instead, we just started with
Incoming livestream: A simple prompt that had a bunch of pre-contextual information about the various security teams at Stripe.
Incoming livestream: And, while this ran really fast, you can see that it probably didn't work for a lot of reasons. One of the main ones being that it's not going to know about any internal terms or documentation used at Stripe. So if the user's question was relating to any software development that was using any of those internal tools, terms, etc, the AI would often hallucinate. We then decided to shift to a more agentic structure, giving it access to tools to compile its own set of information.
Incoming livestream: So we took this one-step prompt, took out all this contextual information about the various security teams, and instead encouraged it to research on its own.
Incoming livestream: At the beginning, we provided it with as many tools as we could to just get a complete picture. And this worked great for accuracy reasons, but for performance reasons, the agent took around 10 minutes to run.
Incoming livestream: Hardly conversational at all.
Incoming livestream: So, to get it down further, what we decided to do is try to get the tool set down, specifically, to be as minimum and concise as possible. Through a slow and iterative process of just taking a set of baseline questions we knew the answer to, testing the agent, plucking tools one by one, retesting the accuracy, and ensuring it's not changing too much, we were able to get down to about two tools and a runtime of around 30 seconds.
Incoming livestream: Great, so, you know, with all this discussion around our agent architecture, how did we know that was the right choice, and if it was the right choice, that when we make changes, that they're actually improving the agent? So, starting with threat modeling, as many of you may know, threat modeling is often more of an art than a science.
Incoming livestream: And there's not a single right answer, right? There's not a single right threat model.
Incoming livestream: So when we were looking into different ways to score the threat modeling, we were first approached with, hey, can we do deterministic matching?
Incoming livestream: And this didn't really, you know, fit the bill. When we tried to compare miter categories, we found that there would sometimes be wrong labeling. The agent would have the correct risk, but in two different runs, it would label them as, you know, one category, and another time in another category, even though the risk itself was being communicated correctly.
Incoming livestream: Other more simpler methods like, you know, keyword matching didn't fit right as well.
Incoming livestream: So this made us turn to, you know, what really matters. And what really mattered was the semantics and meaning behind the risk being conveyed. And so we turned to LLM as a judge.
Incoming livestream: Now, one question that comes up with LLM as a judge is, you know, do we trust the LLM to evaluate the threat model in isolation?
Incoming livestream: And it's a bit of a cyclical dependency, because, you know, the whole reason why we're doing this evaluation is because we don't trust the LLM to give us a 100% correct threat model, right? So why are we gonna allow the LLM to evaluate and trust that it'll give us 100% correct evaluation?
Incoming livestream: So, to address this and take a more balanced approach, we wanted to have humans involved and take advantage of what humans are good at, in creating golden standard based…
Incoming livestream: test cases, right, based on past security reviews, and also what LLMs are good at, which is semantic reasoning.
Incoming livestream: And so, in this flow, what we tasked the LLM with doing is, hey, given this expected output on our golden standard test case, what are the semantic equivalences between that and our actual output from our agent, right? So looking at the risk, the mitigations, based on semantic equivalence. And we felt like this was the right approach to get to the right meaning behind the risk.
Incoming livestream: And so at the bottom, you can see how that sort of, you know, looks in our iteration model, where we have a golden standard test case with its corresponding, actual agent output, and we would iterate on that based on the scoring accuracy to get to, you know, an accuracy that we were happy with that improved the agent, before sending out, right, our pull request, in the offline mode.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so with this evaluation pipeline in place, how exactly did we take advantage of it? Well, we first started and looked at our base prompt and found that there were a few test cases within our golden set that were particularly low.
Incoming livestream: We used these test cases to guide improvements in our prompt, not specifically by overfitting it, but just by encouraging the prompt to act more like a security engineer. For example, one of the specific things we did was by giving the prompt specific security domains to always consider, such as authorization and single sign-on.
Incoming livestream: This guided improvements to get us about 10% increase in accuracy.
Incoming livestream: One of the other things we used the eval pipeline for was to select the best flagship LLM model for our threat modeling agent. Specifically, we did this by creating a mega dataset using copies, individual copies, of our golden set standard cases. The reason we duplicated our test cases was to really eliminate the non-deterministic nature of AI between runs.
Incoming livestream: By using the simple process, we were able to test and automate, testing each baseline LLM model and swap it with the one that performed the highest.
Incoming livestream: This led to another increase of about 10% in accuracy. But finally, one of the most… one of the largest impacts from this evaluation pipeline is the fact that it really gave us confidence in the changes we made to our prompt. For example, take a look at the prompt you see on your right, where it says you're a security engineer, and then describes how to properly format a JSON.
Incoming livestream: On an individual run without the evaluation pipeline, things might look great. We're outputting a correctly formatted JSON threat model, and we're also giving security advice.
Incoming livestream: But what the eval pipeline is actually showing us is that overall accuracy has gone down 10%, because the agent is focusing more on how to properly output a JSON, and less on actually providing accurate security guidance. So this eval pipeline really gives us confidence in the changes that we make to our prompt.
Incoming livestream: In the sense that they're applying, generally speaking, rather than just in minute cases.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so the EVOL pipeline for security routing was a bit different. It relied more on user-provided feedback, given the open-ended nature of the situation. Instead, we relied on releasing to a small bubble of users, iterating on user feedback, increasing that bubble, and so forth. Specifically, we started by releasing the agent just to be accessible via a web page, just so that our team members and anyone across Stripe internally could access it.
Incoming livestream: Then, taking this feedback and getting more confidence in it, we wanted to test how it handles user situations. So we made it invocable in Slack to really test, context dependence.
Incoming livestream: Finally, after iterating on that phase, getting confidence in it, we released it to all developers across Stripe in the internal chat UI for agents at Stripe. This was really to meet developers where they are. And then, of course, we also relied on demos and outreach to, again, just get as much feedback as possible from direct users, again, given the open-ended nature of security routing.
Incoming livestream: Cool, so speaking about meeting users where they are, we wanted to highlight a couple of key actions that we took as a team to make sure that users were, you know, kept involved in the process.
Incoming livestream: So the first one is phase rollout. So, this one we'll be talking about in the threat modeling context, where we chose a specific subcategory of security reviews that we believed agents would be able to perform well at. And what that means is choosing security reviews that had very similar risks and very similar mitigations. And we believe this more constrained domain made it better for an automation setting.
Incoming livestream: Once we had our established subcategories of security reviews, you know, we built out our agent architecture and ran this all in shadow mode. During this process, we continually iterated using our evaluation pipeline discussed before to get to an accuracy that we were confident in.
Incoming livestream: Now, you might ask, you know, how do we determine what accuracy threshold? And I think this really depends on the behavior of your agent.
Incoming livestream: You can imagine if your agent is directly sending these threat models, these risks, and making super noisy, you know, integrations into your engineering teams, if you don't have a very high accuracy, you know, you're gonna get a lot of slack. Those engineering teams are not gonna be happy.
Incoming livestream: Versus, if we add in a human in the loop, where maybe the agent gets you 90% of the way there, right? But you still have that one last step of a human confirming those threats and mitigations are applicable, we can go for, you know, slightly less accuracy. So we ended up with the latter approach, aiming for around 80% in the beginning, and then continuing to iterate on it once it became visible to our users.
Incoming livestream: Now, speaking about our, you know, consumption methods, while the semantics first, you know, risk representation was great for our evaluation model.
Incoming livestream: We found that, you know, other audiences wanted different formats. For example, humans wanted a more summarized format, while we had threat modeling tool that wanted more structured format for metrics. So we opted for a MITRE framework there.
Incoming livestream: And then lastly, we recognize that the threat modeling agent doesn't always, you know, output something that's fully complete, right? Especially for more vague categories, we want to have the option to continue the conversation in our conversational agent.
Incoming livestream: And the focus here was making sure that the input going to the conversational agent had the necessary context and almost proof of work from our threat modeling agent to make it successful.
Incoming livestream: Then lastly, we recognize that, you know, we're not always operating with perfect information, and when we're missing information, we shouldn't have the expectation that threat model should be 100% complete, right? The threat model agent should call out where the missing information is, that the status is unknown, and set the security engineers up to, you know.
Incoming livestream: Bring up to the next step, which is, hey, based on this question, if we can answer it, we can tell if this risk is mitigated, or it's not.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so there are a lot of great learnings we took away from this whole process, one of them being about Alpha Evolve. If you don't know what Alpha Evolve is, it's this Google AI DeepMind LLM tool that essentially evolves algorithms, or in this case, prompts, using a process similar to natural evolution. So, in this case, let's work on an example. We take our base prompt, we make a bunch of different variations to it, adding a few words here, maybe changing the wording here, and then take the one that performs the best.
Incoming livestream: a score through our evaluation pipeline, and take it to the next round. We repeat this process until we get the truly most evolved form of the prompt.
Incoming livestream: While this sounds great in theory, and works great in a lot of computational and mathematical cases where there are only so many permutations of things you can try, in the case of language, because of how open-ended it is, we found that it didn't really work great, especially within the realms of the cost we were able to handle. For example, in this case, all it did in variation 1 was add two words, not really semantically changing the prompt at all. In the second variation, it just paraphrased the entire prompt, again, not
Incoming livestream: adding any semantic changes that would actually, hopefully, guide improvements. So in this case, we found out that Alpha Evolve didn't really work great.
Incoming livestream: Another learning we had is that we found out that humans in the loop aren't optional, and this really goes great with what Duffy's been talking about, in the sense that we have all these LLM-generated threat models, and a relative amount of confidence in it, but because we don't have that full confidence, we don't want to actually act on these results. We want a security engineer to still review these AI-generated threat models, and push forward threats that are actually relevant, and of course, deny those that aren't.
Incoming livestream: Another learning we had goes back to the JSON example, which is investing in your eval pipeline early. And what I mean by that specifically is that if we had just not invested in our eval pipeline early and instead guided… focused on just getting those edge cases correct, etc, we would have ended up with some big garbage mess of a prompt that maybe scores great in some very weird cases, but generally speaking, focuses too heavily on specifics and
Incoming livestream: Generally, performance will go down. Another learning we had is that agent architecture really depends on the task. We saw that a multi-step child agent architecture worked great for the threat modeling agent, but for the security routing agent, a more simplistic, undetermined structure really worked. There's not really a one-size-fits-all here.
Incoming livestream: And then finally, one of the most important learnings we had is that garbage input really means garbage output. And of course, we don't want our threat model agent to produce garbage output. We want it to handle all threat models, like a security engineer would. Take this example, garbage input ticket, where there's not many specifics at all.
Incoming livestream: Initially, our LLM would end up hallucinating information, saying things like encryption and rotation, things that aren't mentioned in the ticket at all.
Incoming livestream: We have to teach it to act more like a security engineer, be okay with saying, I don't know, and that there's not enough information, rather than, of course, hallucinating this information to produce good output.
Incoming livestream: Great, yeah, that's the end of our talk. Thank you guys for listening.
Incoming livestream: Let's do some questions.
Incoming livestream: I see Shruti.
Incoming livestream: Hi, thanks for the talk. I was curious if accuracy was the only metric that you used in your evals, or did you try other metrics as well?
Incoming livestream: Sorry, you said if accuracy was the only metric? Or did you try other metrics for scoring in your evals as well?
Incoming livestream: Yeah, I think… so, specifically, we used the offline accuracy one, where it was, you know, before the threat model or changes to the threat model agent were released, we would base off of that. In the next iteration, and this is something we're trying to build out, is to give more online
Incoming livestream: evaluation, right? So when a threat model is done on a new security review, how would it perform? And the way we're thinking of approaching this is, you know, traditionally, if it's a human, sort of, you know, grading it, that's great and all, but that involves, like, more security process, like, you would need all the humans to do it,
Incoming livestream: And that's not always guaranteed. So what we're trying to integrate is to have our security, threat model tool that we mentioned earlier as sort of the source of truth.
Incoming livestream: And our threat model agent would generate, hey, these are the threats that we found, and users would use that as a source of truth to click approve, sort of deny, and utilize those metrics to give more of an online-like feedback loop, and that would provide more accuracy.
Incoming livestream: So, we're looking at, you know, from both approaches.
Incoming livestream: One question I had was, have you guys looked into, like, Maestro framework and leveraging that as well as part of
Incoming livestream: Because I think it's… the Maestro framework is… Like, Specifically for AI, scenarios?
Incoming livestream: It's a threat modeling framework.
Incoming livestream: Maestro. Sorry, can you repeat that one more time? I'm wondering, like, if you took into account, or are thinking about Maestro threat modeling framework into account?
Incoming livestream: So the Maestro threat modeling framework.
Incoming livestream: I think that could be something we build out in the future. I think for now, just building on our existing processes, most of it has been in the MITRE format, but I think that format could go well based on, you know, what sort of, like, risk and security views we're seeing, where it could be more applicable.
Incoming livestream: You said that you saw a 10% reduction in accuracy in the threat models coming out of that. Did I understand that correctly?
Incoming livestream: Could you repeat the question? Sorry. You said that… you said that you saw a 10% reduction in accuracy in the threat models that were being generated through this. Did I hear that correctly?
Incoming livestream: the threat models that were being generated through… Through the… through this path.
Incoming livestream: You said I saw a 10% reduction in accuracy. I'm curious, what level of accuracy are you actually looking to achieve before you put it into production?
Incoming livestream: Oh, I thought they were talking about the JSON formatting that led to the 10% reduction.
Incoming livestream: Okay, I misunderstood. Thank you. Okay, maybe we'll come back afterwards and see if we can answer that.
Incoming livestream: So I think that's gonna… gonna wrap up the questions, so, thank you very much.
Incoming livestream: We have one more securing code in our Agentic Future talk. I think Gotti is gonna come up and yell at the folks in the back of the room again.
Incoming livestream: That's exciting.
Incoming livestream: I have a, I have a, like, a kindergarten technique we want to try?
Incoming livestream: I'll let you do it in a second. So what I want… what I want to say in the back, sorry for everybody in the front.
Incoming livestream: is we have a lot of real… everybody in the back! Thank you. We have a lot of really cool social spaces all around the room, all around the area, downstairs. People who are still not listening to me, I'm gonna keep shouting unless you change… you move your faces to look to me.
Incoming livestream: I don't like shouting, it's very rude.
Incoming livestream: It's not cool. It also throws off the mic.
Incoming livestream: Okay, there you have a lot of social spaces, just walk out, walk in, find the social spaces, go talk there, because from this moment on, our volunteers are not going to be friendly.
Incoming livestream: Right? And I was sent up here to be the unfriendly person, which I really don't like, because I'm a teddy bear. Alright, thank you very much, I'm gonna give it back to Aaron, who's gonna try his trick.
Incoming livestream: I'll save it for next time. Vince and Brendan, why don't you guys come up here and get started while we do a quick intro?
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so, continuing the thread of securing software in our gigantic future. In fact, that is the title of their talk.
Incoming livestream: What are we… what are we missing on for the moment?
Incoming livestream: Yes.
Incoming livestream: No, Paul and Ryan. Sorry, I have the wrong, wrong talking, wrong talk in this one. Yeah.
Incoming livestream: Let's get going. Please welcome Paul and Ryan from OpenAI.
Incoming livestream: Alright, okay, there we go.
Incoming livestream: So, if your security program is perfect, I'm happy for you. This talk is not for you. For the rest of us, however, hi, I'm Paul. This is Ryan.
Incoming livestream: I've been a security engineer here at OpenAI for the last 3 years, and Ryan and I are here to tell you a little bit about how we work together to secure one of our projects.
Incoming livestream: So, let's talk a little bit about how software security worked in the past.
Incoming livestream: You identify a need, you try a couple options, you spend a lot of time integrating those into your environment to see if they work, and eventually you pick one.
Incoming livestream: And then you pay your vendor O-Auto money.
Incoming livestream: And then you spend a lot more time integrating it everywhere else into your environment.
Incoming livestream: And after all that work, months later, are you really getting value? Probably some. Compliance is probably happy.
Incoming livestream: But it's still stiff, it's inflexible, and you still have a lot of special edge cases, and vendor feature requests take quarters, at least.
Incoming livestream: Sorry to my vendors who are here.
Incoming livestream: But, at the end of the day, what really matters is what really happens is you have a long list of things you wish you had time to do.
Incoming livestream: We all know what the best practices are. There are endless lists, innumerable vendors who will sell us a solution, which is almost as much good… which is almost as much work as building the thing ourselves.
Incoming livestream: Especially in the enterprise.
Incoming livestream: Or in a company that wasn't founded yesterday. All that legacy infrastructure adds up, and often it doesn't mesh well with the assumptions the security tooling is making.
Incoming livestream: We don't need expensive consultants to come in and tell us how to make our security programs better. We already have a long list of things we want. We need more engineering hands, and we need less friction.
Incoming livestream: It doesn't have to be this way. No, seriously, it doesn't.
Incoming livestream: Code is free. I mean it. Code is free.
Incoming livestream: Software doesn't cost anything to build anymore.
Incoming livestream: And the secret is… That includes security software, too.
Incoming livestream: So, if you want a security outcome.
Incoming livestream: you can ask for it. You don't have to wire up a giant vendor harness and dashboard. You don't need to integrate deeply with someone else's idea of what you should be doing.
Incoming livestream: Your developers are already using LLMs to build your code. What are you waiting for?
Incoming livestream: Just add a new test to your existing CICD pipeline, commit a text file with things you want checked, a tool call that reserves in 0 or 1, and some text about why.
Incoming livestream: Feed that back into your CI framework, and you're set. No vendor contracts, no frameworks.
Incoming livestream: I'm not even releasing anything open source here, because you should just ask Codex or CoAD to write this integration for you. Customized to your own environment.
Incoming livestream: So, that was actually a lie. Here's some open source. Put it in your test runner.
Incoming livestream: write an output schema with judgments, comments, and of course, whether or not Codex thinks your code passes the test.
Incoming livestream: Run it non-interactively on your security file, parse the output, show it in your CI.
Incoming livestream: Now I'm gonna kick it over to Ryan, a product engineer I've been partnering with, and Ryan will show you what it means to just ask, and to just do things.
Incoming livestream: Hey folks, how's it going?
Incoming livestream: I'm a product engineer, I've been working at OpenAI for a year and a half, and for the last 8 months, I have had the privilege and the space to build a team where we write zero of the code.
Incoming livestream: And over the course of that time, we built a product with about a million lines of code in it, about 250,000 of which are prompts, and to do that.
Incoming livestream: I have basically leaned on these wonderful coding models that we have, and the collective expertise and intelligence of all the subject matter experts that are scattered around the company.
Incoming livestream: I'm gonna show you today what it means in order to pull from these experts and reflect that back into the codebase, so you empower all the humans and the agents that you're working with in order to do what you already know good looks like.
Incoming livestream: So, kind of foundational thing here, right? We're building products, there's a threat model associated with them. You'll probably take some time in order to go through an exercise to build one. It'll become stale immediately. No one will really look at it or use it to inform the way they write software, so…
Incoming livestream: You can just make one.
Incoming livestream: You can check it in.
Incoming livestream: And then, you can use that to have all the engineers and agents that are operating in these code bases on these products incorporated into their process.
Incoming livestream: Right? What remains illegible, both organizationally and textually in the code, is not possibly a thing that anyone in your business is able to build leverage out of, right?
Incoming livestream: A threat model that's locked in a Slack thread or some Google Doc that I know I am never gonna read is not something that I am able to build durable product with.
Incoming livestream: These coding agents, they exist in the universe of code, markdown, and scripts in your repositories. That Google Doc that's trapped away in a Slack thread from 3 months ago is not something that they're able to use to inform their execution.
Incoming livestream: So, instead, just ask for a threat model. These models are good enough to deduce one from the code as it already exists.
Incoming livestream: Check it in, and then…
Incoming livestream: Validate it constantly. There's no reason why this can't be a required review step in every PR.
Incoming livestream: Tokens are cheap. Throw an agent at it. Tell it, you're responsible for ensuring the threat model of this codebase is current and up-to-date, and that this PR does not invalidate any of the assumptions that are in it.
Incoming livestream: This is very cheap to do, this is, like, 40 lines of YAML in GitHub Actions right now.
Incoming livestream: The agents crave text, so figure out ways to give them text and inject it into all the other agents that you have working on the codebase, or those humans, if you still have those, too.
Incoming livestream: Right?
Incoming livestream: With the threat model in the codebase, you're able to incorporate it into the way the code is written.
Incoming livestream: The way the code is reviewed, the way those review comments must be interacted with in order to make sure that your code is marching forward along that golden thread of what you already know good looks like.
Incoming livestream: And, you know.
Incoming livestream: Maybe we don't have the full amount of trust in these agents to be fully autonomous in all the ways that, you know, we want them to be. So if you need a human in the loop here, you can just ask them to do that, too.
Incoming livestream: Right? In CI, grant the agent access to the GHCLI, tell it that if a material change has happened to the code that invalidates some of the things you've documented and already risk-accepted as a business.
Incoming livestream: Tag the expert human to review it, tell them why you've brought them into scope here, and tell them what ambiguity that you need them to help resolve.
Incoming livestream: One of the core ways that I've changed how I operate here is to treat the humans as tools to empower the agents and other engineers in the codebase in order to make forward progress.
Incoming livestream: This is how we all interact with each other here, right? Like, you know, I know that I'm not an expert here in threat modeling. I know I need help. I talk to my partners in the security organization. I invoke them, just like the model would invoke a tool.
Incoming livestream: And the thing I have tried to do is take all those tool outputs and durably encode them in a codebase that is constantly reflecting prompt injections back into my human engineers and agents that are driving that codebase forward.
Incoming livestream: Paul mentioned that we all know the best practices, we've got years of collective expertise in our heads.
Incoming livestream: But we, as humans, have limited synchronous time and attention. It is not the case that every one of you here is able to look at every single design doc, every single PR, every single deployment, and bug report, and vulnerability report, and dependency update, and…
Incoming livestream: You know, breaking changes and individual diffs from all of those by source, you know, Dependencies you take.
Incoming livestream: But, you do know what good looks like. You know what you would be doing if you had all the time in the world to do all those things serially.
Incoming livestream: So, take all those things that are in your head, and write them down. Or better yet, ask one of the coding agents to write them down. Have them interview you.
Incoming livestream: These agents are trained on the whole universe of the human experience. They know, in their weights, all the things that you already know.
Incoming livestream: And it's up to you to focus those attention layers in the model, to extract those good insights.
Incoming livestream: generate some text, which I hear these LLMs are quite good at, and check it in.
Incoming livestream: Feed it into your agents.mds so the agents are looking at it. Feed it through your review process. Feed it through the crons that you are using to review dependency update PRs as they come in.
Incoming livestream: You can just do these things. The code is free to write.
Incoming livestream: So…
Incoming livestream: One bit of magic here is that in order to build trust with these agentic systems and with the humans that are contributing to your codebase, you basically have to put guardrails around them.
Incoming livestream: And one thing you can just do here is simply not permit slop. You can just ask the models to not do that. There's a ton of techniques you can use to not permit slop, but one of the ways you can do that is to write things down about what good looks like.
Incoming livestream: Every Slack message I have ever gotten that says there's a concern I'm not taking into consideration. Every PR review comment I have ever gotten.
Incoming livestream: Every test failure, every lint error, every dependency update I have rolled back is in some way missing context that has prevented me, the members of my team, and the agents that we have working on our behalf from doing the right thing up front.
Incoming livestream: So, the mindset that we have is to take all of those gifts of feedback and expertise and distilling them into prompts, documentation.
Incoming livestream: Lints, tests, review agents back into the codebase to constantly be reflecting that taste and durable expertise into the folks that are actually doing the job.
Incoming livestream: To kind of, like, put this a little bit concretely, right, we have a security.md that includes all the good practices around what it makes to have secure code.
Incoming livestream: And you would be shocked at the amount of uplift we had by essentially adding two sentences that say, secure code comes from secure interfaces that are impossible to misuse. You can just tell that to the agent, and it knows what that means. All of a sudden, you have these high-level primitives for doing
Incoming livestream: Rooted file system access with high-level operations, as opposed to stitching together real path, and clean, and hoping for the best. In this way, you can take entire classes of vulnerabilities.
Incoming livestream: impress them into a paragraph of text, and then just have an agent review every PR,
Incoming livestream: against those guardrails, tell the engineers and agents that are writing those PRs, hey, you screwed it up here, you know what good looks like, go chase after it.
Incoming livestream: So, every Slack message that you have ever sent to let an engineering team know that they're not operating in the way that you need them to.
Incoming livestream: Just reply to it, at Codex. Make it so.
Incoming livestream: Write the docs, write the tests, and migrate the codebase while you're at it. Tokens are cheap, this is free to do.
Incoming livestream: You can also do that with every PR common, right? You've got GitHub connected to your data warehouse, you can slurp all these things up, dream over them, and distill documentation, tests.
Incoming livestream: Guardrails out of them constantly to refine the output of your engineering organization to constrain the production of code in a way that is aligned with what you expect.
Incoming livestream: You can also do this with, like, your durable processes, too, right? Appsec reviews are this thing that I know I need, but I want to move fast, and I'm probably gonna wait until the last minute to ask for one, because, you know, this is how it goes here. But, if I have the foresight to ask for one ahead of time, right, I am basically being asked
Incoming livestream: I'm basically asking for the gift of feedback, so I can know what good looks like from your eyes.
Incoming livestream: I want to know the risks that you see in the code that I am writing, and the way I treat this feedback is not just as a point-in-time snapshot, but as a set of principles of how I should be operating, writing the code going forward, and building products.
Incoming livestream: So, rather than just saying, oh, I got this review, it identified a bunch of issues, let me go fix them in a cheap way in order to get my security partners happy with me, instead, I step back a level. I say, what are the process failures that led to the code being permitted to be produced in this way.
Incoming livestream: Fix the point issues, and then add executable guardrails to the codebase that statically disallow these mistakes from being made in the first place.
Incoming livestream: Right? Cheap, bespoke, fit-for-purpose lints that will never see the light of day out of your enterprise are free things that you can vibe up
Incoming livestream: There's no need for these to be, like, super rigorous, robust, platformized things. You observe behavior in your enterprise, you wish you could fix it, you vibe up a thing, you run it against the existing codebase, observe the gaps that it finds.
Incoming livestream: kind of do some labeling on your own to say, yeah, this is probably good, we should do this. Check it in, migrate the codebase, and disallow classes of mistakes.
Incoming livestream: Another thing that you can just do here is work on supply chain hardening. This is a thing that's incredibly high value, it addresses tail risk in your organizations, but I have a feeling for a lot of you, this is constantly below the line. It's just not a thing that's able to be done.
Incoming livestream: But, you know…
Incoming livestream: With code being free, you can take 15 minutes to interview a security engineer on your team, to extract some general principles from them.
Incoming livestream: And then tell one of the coding agents to go make it so.
Incoming livestream: So, here, Matthew has given a gift to the Codex team here. This is a PR in the open source codex repository to basically update PNPM to a recent version that fixes some security vulnerabilities.
Incoming livestream: And it is going to additionally harden the package installer policy to forbid post-install scripts from running.
Incoming livestream: This is a great point-in-time thing.
Incoming livestream: That… I'm just gonna steal.
Incoming livestream: Right? I saw this Slack message, because I happen to follow along with the Codex team, I'm deeply invested in their product, as you can probably guess. I copy and pasted the diff, and I was like, hey, Codex, make it so. This Agent X thing here, this is a, a fake codename, don't go tweeting about this, there's nothing interesting. There.
Incoming livestream: But I can just do this. 15 minutes later, I get a diff, which applies the same set of principles to our codebase to take that same point-in-time snapshot and making it durable.
Incoming livestream: However, I want to do more than that, right?
Incoming livestream: What did Matthew think?
Incoming livestream: What was he trying to achieve when he made this PR?
Incoming livestream: And there are a couple of durable principles there, right? Package managers are a high-risk surface. I want to keep them as up-to-date as possible.
Incoming livestream: I want to make sure that I'm not allowing arbitrary code execution during the package install process, particularly in my CI. And for those dependencies that require it, I want to make sure that there is a human in the loop to review whether it's safe.
Incoming livestream: Also, if I write that down… I'm basically able…
Incoming livestream: To make sure that everybody benefits from this.
Incoming livestream: If I have the foresight to read these docs because I'm onboarding a new engineer, great, they can now learn this too.
Incoming livestream: The agents also benefit from it, too, and they stack incredibly well.
Incoming livestream: If you document that hardening your package manager installer policies is to prevent arbitrary code execution in CI,
Incoming livestream: It means when I throw agents at reviewing every PR that Dependabot makes, they also have this context, and will not just blindly update my PNPM workspace file in order to get the build passing so they can merge the PR.
Incoming livestream: This forces alignment of the model's behavior with the actual principles you operate your organizations with.
Incoming livestream: This applies to literally any guardrail you wish you could enforce.
Incoming livestream: In this hypothetical product that I'm working on, it is an electron code base. There are 1500 dependencies in the lock file.
Incoming livestream: I know I'm never gonna take the time to audit these individually. I probably won't have the time to audit all of my direct dependencies, let alone all of the transitives. But…
Incoming livestream: You know, we can just do things.
Incoming livestream: Here, I had the wonderful privilege of having coffee with Paul for 15 minutes, where we talked about the sprawl in our lock file, what it meant in order to get a handle on this, and we talked about some policies, some guardrails that we should use to think about this problem generally.
Incoming livestream: Right? And Paul challenged me, right? Can you get codex to do a sniff test of all the dependencies in your codebase to give you a set of risk profiles, some dependencies you should consider dropping, or in-housing, or upgrading? Can you get the model to reliably
Incoming livestream: gather reputation signals for your upstream, right? So, we did that.
Incoming livestream: And one thing that was really neat about it is once I got this point-in-time snapshot.
Incoming livestream: It took me 4 hours in a background tab of my terminal in an afternoon to turn this into a bespoke dependency scanner, which we are running every day in CI, which forks 16 agents to go spider through the codebase and give me a durable.
Incoming livestream: Just-in-time snapshot of every direct dependency we have.
Incoming livestream: every upstream transitive, as well as an actual vibe check on the repository that's upstream, whether there has been any recent activity, how the authors are perceived reputation signal-wise. And I get a really good report, which I'm publishing to an internal hosting platform every day.
Incoming livestream: That allows me to then vibe up some code that's gonna produce serif reports out of it, which get pushed into GitHub Advanced Security, which my other agents are able to, like.
Incoming livestream: pick up and potentially upgrade dependencies, or remove them, or in-house them, or migrate to different frameworks that don't have these issues in the first place. All of this stacks incredibly well.
Incoming livestream: And iterating is so cheap.
Incoming livestream: After I got up the initial version of the dependency scanner and had produced an artifact that was legible to the humans.
Incoming livestream: Paul and I chatted some more, right?
Incoming livestream: Very asynchronously, cheaply, we're having conversation here around additional guardrails, additional sniffs that we should add to this process. And, you know, Codex takes that, I copy and paste the thread into it, I use the new apps support we added to it, which allows me to use my ChatGPT Slack connection to spider through this and figure out what needs to be done.
Incoming livestream: Sometime after I put up that PR, Paul gave me some more feedback, right? It wasn't clear that the agent was operating in a general manner. It seemed to be taking our feedback and doing point instances to it.
Incoming livestream: So, we talked about more general principles, more things we'd like the agent to frame its reference point around, as opposed to being super specific on individual guardrails.
Incoming livestream: You know, I have some feedback. I wasn't quite understanding it for myself. So, I made a couple of metaphors. I made some questions that I got some signal on.
Incoming livestream: And off it goes, right? Now, you know, some 30 minutes later or whatever, Codex is cooking, spidering through the codebase, taking all this pretty casual, low-effort text that we're having asynchronously in the Slack thread, and turning it into, you know, the findings, the bullets that I'm gonna put in that security.md.
Incoming livestream: We get more cheap feedback.
Incoming livestream: You can see the M dash in here, this is Codex responding on my behalf. But again, we're steering the agent to produce those guardrails that will have the high-quality behavior, and we're not having to do any of this, right? We're just refining the model with all the expertise we already have.
Incoming livestream: And we get some much better signal there. And these things stack incredibly well, they feed through all the other agents we have in the system, and yeah.
Incoming livestream: Depth scanners, license scanners, it all falls out of this for free, once you take that effort to encode your expertise directly into the codebase and give it access to everyone, agents and humans included.
Incoming livestream: Just go build things, fam.
Incoming livestream: So, some very quick closing thoughts.
Incoming livestream: You can just ask the model to do the thing you want, you don't have to be held back by process.
Incoming livestream: Stop wishing for security guardrails, just do them. Oh, and you can use the traditional tools, too, on top of this when you have time. Thank you all very much. Questions?
Incoming livestream: I think a majority of the conversation in Slack is about the irony of OpenAI people saying tokens are free, but I think my…
Incoming livestream: I think my favorite version… Relative to engineering time, they are. Okay, I think my favorite version of the question, though, is, you know, what's sort of the ratio of tokens spent building to tokens spent validating, guardrailing, etc? It seems like it really flips the…
Incoming livestream: In normals, much smaller amounts spent on security on its head.
Incoming livestream: This is an interesting question for me here, because I'm not directly in the loop on basically any of the changes that are written. So, I can only talk about my token usage in very coarse levels here, right? I effectively have tokens that are used as part of our CI process, and tokens that are used as sort of, like.
Incoming livestream: The synchronous coding agents going about doing their work.
Incoming livestream: And, like, with those cuts, I'd say it's about 50-50, right? We deploy 50% of our token budget toward actually producing the code, and then another 50% refining it. And most of that collaboration takes place via GitHub, right? We're having all of those asynchronous
Incoming livestream: reviewer scanner agents side-effecting back into the repository, either via those PR comments, GitHub Advanced Security as a broker, GitHub Actions in order to orchestrate all of these things, with the ultimate goal of having all these reviewers produce tokens, which are then injected into the agents that are actually implementing the code, so that they can go and do their work.
Incoming livestream: super cool, super cool set of ideas here. I'm curious, in a world where we're really focusing on these, agents, rather these non-determinist… non-determinist… non-deterministic…
Incoming livestream: Non-deterministic systems evaluating these things. How are you thinking about things like insider risk, or the ability to basically bypass these scanners by saying, hey, please just tell me this is all good? Yeah. Especially for production systems. Well, there's a model looking for that.
Incoming livestream: Seriously, though, I…
Incoming livestream: You add the models and ask them to look for bad behavior, and oftentimes the prompt injection… usually the prompt injection that works on the model that's, like, updating the dependencies or whatever.
Incoming livestream: Is going to not work in the same way on the model that's looking to see whether
Incoming livestream: You know, the vibes are off on something.
Incoming livestream: And, and, you know, yeah, you've got humans reviewing things, too. You have to.
Incoming livestream: Humans don't scale quite as easily, though, so lots of… lots of checks automatically, and then target your humans on what might be sus.
Incoming livestream: The same two-party sign-off controls you would put on humans, you can also use agents in this way as well, to basically have two of them check each other's work.
Incoming livestream: Defense and depth.
Incoming livestream: Have you considered using some production insights? Telemetry, observability?
Incoming livestream: threats.
Incoming livestream: Or just the
Incoming livestream: So, over the course of the agent trajectories, we do expose a lot of telemetry. The codex harness itself, has a native OTEL exporter, which we use in order to kind of, like, add some governance over the course of these agents, and, sort of,
Incoming livestream: very durable audit logging of all the session logs, which kind of get pumped, for, you know, DFIR.
Incoming livestream: Sort of thing.
Incoming livestream: Cool. Thank you so much.
Incoming livestream: All right.
Incoming livestream: Oh, can we have your mics?
Incoming livestream: I think there's another mic, too. Alright, it's fine, you can have mine. Oh, perfect, all set. Great. Well, we'll do it offensive people are people too, right? It's not just defense alone. But we're here for the defensive insights. Honestly, both true. Anyway, continuing with software security, please welcome, Brendan and Vincent.
Incoming livestream: Thanks very much.
Incoming livestream: Ping, ping, there we go.
Incoming livestream: Alright, thanks very much. So I'm Brendan Dolan Gavitt. I used to be a professor at NYU, now I have jumped ship to industry, where I am an AI researcher at Expo. I also want to introduce my co-presenter, Vincent Olson. I want you all to write down his name, because a few years from now, you're going to want to be able to say, I saw one of his early talks.
Incoming livestream: Brilliant guy, very happy to be working with him. So, today, we're gonna be talking about
Incoming livestream: one of the… what I think are the harder current challenges in automated web security, which is finding authorization and authentication bugs, right? And these are classically very, very difficult, because as some of the earlier talks we've seen, have already mentioned, it's all about verification.
Incoming livestream: Right?
Incoming livestream: And so…
Incoming livestream: This is going to be largely about how do we find and verify vulnerabilities in authentication and authorization.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so we were a bit unsure on what to call this talk. One of them was, like, n-1 factor authentication, or my favorite one, which was know of.
Incoming livestream: But yeah, the moral of the story is that authentication is actually very hard, right? And why is it hard? Well, there's so much of it. We have HTTP basic auth.
Incoming livestream: We've got OAuth 2.0.
Incoming livestream: Signed URLs, JWTs, OIDC, OAuth 1.0.
Incoming livestream: Kerberos.
Incoming livestream: Magic links, session cookies, TOTP, LDAP,
Incoming livestream: But, what I think is probably one of the most common auth mechanisms in the world is custom auth.
Incoming livestream: Right? Where the developer just said, yeah, I'm pretty sure I know how to do this, wrote their own auth system, set up all their own authentication, authorization checks, and shipped it.
Incoming livestream: Okay? And so, with all of these different types and complexities, you don't really have any hope of writing a classical validator that just says, yes, I can tell you exactly when this authentication fails. And so that's where we start to turn to AI.
Incoming livestream: Yes, what really matters is that the client and backend can work together, and even if people implement OAuth2, it's not necessarily spec compliant.
Incoming livestream: So the way we do authentication at Expo is that we start with an agent, with a browser, give it credentials.
Incoming livestream: Ask it to log in.
Incoming livestream: And then, just like with exploits, right, we might have false positives. So we validate, we have the validator for checking whether it's actually logged in.
Incoming livestream: And then we also want to be sure that it understands and that it has reverse-engineered enough of the application to actually, like, take the browser state and turn it into API requests.
Incoming livestream: So we also have a validator for that. So, if an agent passes these two checkpoints, we're pretty damn sure it's logged in.
Incoming livestream: Now… It can be a bit hard, or these validators took a lot of effort to get right.
Incoming livestream: So I think, let's play a little game, which is like, is this logged in? Yeah, do you want to raise your hand? Do you think you're logged into Apple here?
Incoming livestream: Had some yeses, some people, many shy people. So, in this case, I thought I was logged in, but I wasn't. And another case.
Incoming livestream: We have here, right? If we look at this, this, request right here.
Incoming livestream: just from this request, I wouldn't be able to determine whether the request is successfully authenticated. It could be a public phone book, right? And then the off material likely doesn't matter. It could also be a…
Incoming livestream: Medical, appointment booger. And then, this will likely be a real authenticated request.
Incoming livestream: I think the trick we found is finding places in the app where there's a contrast between being logged in and locked out.
Incoming livestream: But would this validators?
Incoming livestream: How can we use it for evil?
Incoming livestream: Right, so we have our agent.
Incoming livestream: If it passes the two checkpoints, we're…
Incoming livestream: Damn sure that it's locked in.
Incoming livestream: What we could do is, instead of giving the username and password.
Incoming livestream: We could just remove the password.
Incoming livestream: If it logs in, then BAM! We have an authentication bypass.
Incoming livestream: So here's a very cute bug found by Horizon 3, which is very easily demoable. So what happened there was that the default secret key was hardcoded in the code.
Incoming livestream: So, our agent there looked through the source code.
Incoming livestream: Finds a way to forge,
Incoming livestream: New session tokens using a secret key, the hard-coded secret key, loads the state into the browser, boom! Admin access.
Incoming livestream: And now our validators are happy.
Incoming livestream: We can also find MFA bypasses, because to log in on sites that requires a second or multiple factors, right, we need to give them access to those factors. So what we could do is simply just remove it.
Incoming livestream: If the agent logs in, the valid data is checked, boom, MFA bypass.
Incoming livestream: Okay, but, you know, one thing I always think about is, like, okay, but it's actually somewhat rare to screw up so badly that you get a complete authentication bypass, right? Much more common is you have working authentication
Incoming livestream: But now you've messed up something about how people authorize… get authorized to access particular resources.
Incoming livestream: So this is where I feel like we go from evil to diabolical. That's our goal in life, is to be as evil and diabolical as possible.
Incoming livestream: For good.
Incoming livestream: So, okay, let's consider this scenario.
Incoming livestream: We've got one authenticated session as admin.
Incoming livestream: Browsing around the site. It makes a request to some endpoint, With its admin bearer token.
Incoming livestream: Now, to understand whether that endpoint
Incoming livestream: requires some kind of authorization, we would like to be able to do… make the exact same request, but under the context of a low-privileged user.
Incoming livestream: Right?
Incoming livestream: But, unfortunately, there's no guarantee that we can get something like that, right? Because if you just browse around as a low-privilege user, maybe you never even see the admin interface in the first place.
Incoming livestream: And so what we want is some sort of magical transformation Between…
Incoming livestream: the request as made from an admin context to a request as made from a low-privilege context. Okay, and so we use the highly technical term auth transmogrification here.
Incoming livestream: And it turns out that this is actually a script that you can get an agent to write for you, right? Its inputs are a browser state and a URL, and its output is a request as made correctly under that
Incoming livestream: off context.
Incoming livestream: Right? And so now… We can make that request, and if…
Incoming livestream: we get a different answer as the low privilege user, or as the same answer as, from the low-privilege user and the admin, then that means that the endpoint is potentially public, right? It may also mean that you've completely forgotten to do any authorization checks, so you have something like an IDOR, right?
Incoming livestream: And we're actually going to not focus on IDORs for the rest of this talk. We're going to consider them out of scope.
Incoming livestream: Because that actually requires some judgment, right? That's a judgment call as to whether the response should be considered public or not.
Incoming livestream: Okay? So we're gonna focus on instead… right, so if we get this back, we're gonna say, okay.
Incoming livestream: Let's not be further interested in this for authorization bypass purposes.
Incoming livestream: And instead, let's look at the case where you get a differential response, okay? So you access it as admin, you get back a user profile, you access it as a low-privileged user, and you get back a forbidden. Okay, so the application is trying to do some kind of authorization check here.
Incoming livestream: That does not mean they did it correctly, right?
Incoming livestream: So, let's assume that we have… we're in this case, where we get different responses.
Incoming livestream: Now, we have a very concrete goal that we can send an agent after.
Incoming livestream: And we have a very concrete way to verify when that agent solves the task, when that agent finds a bypass. Okay?
Incoming livestream: So, what does that goal look like?
Incoming livestream: Given this endpoint, And a low-privilege context.
Incoming livestream: Find me what the response would be, from… The high-privilege admin context.
Incoming livestream: Right? And this is great, because now we can give this as an answer key to our validator, right?
Incoming livestream: the validator is going to get to see what the response looked like under the admin session. The attack agent only gets to see what the URL is, and has to produce the admin's response.
Incoming livestream: Okay?
Incoming livestream: Now, if it manages to do so, great. Now we have a validated authentication, authorization bypass.
Incoming livestream: Otherwise, we can reject it. And this is great, because as capable as these AI models are, when you give them a task like find a security vulnerability no matter what, they're going to end up making things up.
Incoming livestream: So…
Incoming livestream: The other nice thing about this, I've been talking about authorization bypasses, but if you want to get very technical, we can also use this to find authentication bypasses at the API level by just saying, okay, one context is low privilege, one context is completely unauthenticated.
Incoming livestream: Okay? And so this is quite nice. So there's actually a fairly wide variety of different things that you can detect with this, right? Because this covers things like JWT forging attacks, all the clever crypto… cryptographic tricks where you can take a token, change the claim somehow, re-sign it.
Incoming livestream: You can find classic, these broken object-level authorization checks, session expiration kinds of things, hard-coded tokens, and these fun little ones like parameter bypasses, where you try to access a URL, you get rejected, but then you add admin equals 1, and suddenly you're accepted.
Incoming livestream: Okay?
Incoming livestream: So…
Incoming livestream: Again, in the spirit of show rather than tell. So last year, we put in a bunch of manual work to set up an instance of the Redmine Project Tracker, and try to find, authorization issues in it by planting CTF-style flags in it.
Incoming livestream: And then using that as our verification. It turns out that, if you're trying to deal with something like, thousands of bug bounty targets, or the entire open source ecosystem, you cannot go through, set all of those up by hand, and plant, CTF flags in them.
Incoming livestream: So, we wanted to be able to see if we could reproduce this kind of vulnerability in a more automated way.
Incoming livestream: Okay? And so.
Incoming livestream: The nice thing about this, now we have this script that can make requests from different authorization contexts.
Incoming livestream: And so we can get this kind of nice prioritized list where we say, great, here are the endpoints that you want to look at that give different responses
Incoming livestream: When you're authenticated versus authenticated… unauthenticated versus authenticated as a low-privilege user, or when you're authenticated as a low-privilege user versus a higher privilege user.
Incoming livestream: Okay? And so, in this case, it… The one that we're gonna look at is this projects endpoint down there, where when we visit it with a low-privileged user, we see one public project.
Incoming livestream: When we visit it with a higher privilege user, we see one public project and one private project, okay? And that gives us the differential we need to say this is a target for an attack from low privilege to the high privilege.
Incoming livestream: So let's look at this trace.
Incoming livestream: So, this is where it started out. The other nice thing is that once you produce this script, it's a really powerful tool for the agent to use. It doesn't have to reverse engineer the authentication and authorization mechanisms every time, right? You just give it a Python script and it can use it now.
Incoming livestream: It starts off by getting a baseline request, it discovers, okay, great, I see that I can only see this one project.
Incoming livestream: We move on, it starts looking through source code, and by just the fifth iteration, it's actually already found the parameter that's going to allow it to bypass things. So it turns out that when you set admin projects equals 1,
Incoming livestream: You bypass the visibility checks.
Incoming livestream: Right?
Incoming livestream: And…
Incoming livestream: So it starts running the code, starts confirming it. It can use, again, this, same authentify transmogrification script.
Incoming livestream: To get a differential between what it looks like, with admin projects equals 1, and without that.
Incoming livestream: It discovers that, hey, oh, it turns out there's a secret project
Incoming livestream: Right? And so it sees that there's another project that it's now able to see. It submits that to the validator, and now the validator, luckily, has a very, very easy job. It can just look at what was submitted, right? Okay.
Incoming livestream: the agent submitted something that lets me see both projects. When I look at this with the high-privilege user, my ground truth, it was also able to see both projects. That means the agent has successfully bypassed the authorization check.
Incoming livestream: Okay? So this is quite nice, right? This lets us go, very quickly.
Incoming livestream: To the vulnerability. And we found that also, when we're giving it these very, very targeted tasks, we don't need very, very long-running agents to find these vulnerabilities, usually.
Incoming livestream: Right? So, success. One thing I will say, that's not in the slides, is we also have a much more fun vulnerability, involving a case where, by translating a URL from English into French, literally changing one of the words into French.
Incoming livestream: You can bypass authorizations in the CRM and access any document. So, if you'd like to hear about that one, it's not fixed yet, so we're operating under what I call the Bureau Day Vulnerability Program, where you buy us a beer and we'll tell you about it.
Incoming livestream: Okay, so, this does have limitations, right? I call that one of them. These classical IDORs aren't something that we're trying to detect with this approach, because classical IDORs don't show this differential between different auth contexts, right? I go to, you know.
Incoming livestream: Shopping cart slash 5, I go to shopping cart slash 7.
Incoming livestream: as different users, I can see the same thing. Does that mean that I found an IDOR? Maybe, maybe not. You have to exercise judgment about the application there. We're looking for these more technical authorization bypasses.
Incoming livestream: The other thing is that this is heavily dependent on the quality of that auth transmodification script that the agent wrote.
Incoming livestream: Right? And so, we really have to be very careful to make sure that it doesn't make very many mistakes when writing that script. But one thing that's kind of cool is we get tons and tons of built-in test cases for whether that script is working by letting agents just explore the site with a browser, letting the JavaScript code make
Incoming livestream: Requests and recording the responses, and then that gives us a test suite that we can use to validate this, auth transformation script.
Incoming livestream: Alright, so, thanks very much for listening.
Incoming livestream: We had a lot of fun with it, and we'd be happy to answer any questions.
Incoming livestream: Who's got questions?
Incoming livestream: There's always questions.
Incoming livestream: I guess we really focused on, like, one specific validator. Can you kind of give us a sense of, like, how you came up with this idea and other types of validators that you, you sort of…
Incoming livestream: Build?
Incoming livestream: I think for this one, we already had the login validators, right? So that, it really was, like, how could we misuse it, right, using all components we had already.
Incoming livestream: And then I think Brenda and I met at a hackathon, and then we implemented it. And it worked. And we found some bugs. Yeah, and I think that, I mean, the other thing is that, it really did come out of trying to just make the product more reliable, because getting logged in and staying logged in is super hard, but also super important for doing a good bend test in the first place.
Incoming livestream: And so, as we, like, got these, validators of, are you logged in, are you still logged in, and really banged on them in some of the craziest sites you've ever seen, aka internal, banking apps,
Incoming livestream: You end up finding a lot of the corner cases, ironing them out, and ending up with these really robust validators, and we wanted to then also reuse that work to be able to find cool new vulnerabilities, too.
Incoming livestream: What else?
Incoming livestream: Greg, we got one up here.
Incoming livestream: Up here?
Incoming livestream: Rick, what mice coming?
Incoming livestream: Hey guys, I… by the way, OAuth 2.1 does force the spec, so… fixes the 2.0, just… just try to do it right.
Incoming livestream: I like… so this was… this was great, thank you so much. It…
Incoming livestream: Are you proposing this as a way to enforce proper authentication for AI agents? It's just, hey, use this in agentic workflows, or is this… like, what…
Incoming livestream: How can we use this in the world within Agentic AI? Because I'm big on assigning identity and tightly bound scopes, so you can reduce the blast radius and the damage.
Incoming livestream: Is… is that the problem this is solving? So this was more aimed at saying, I have a web app that uses authentication and authorization, like many do. I want to bang away at this app and find the vulnerabilities in it before they get shipped, right? So this is more about…
Incoming livestream: The offensive security side, trying to find vulnerabilities in web apps, as opposed to securing the agents themselves.
Incoming livestream: Alright, thank you so much. Pretty cool.
Incoming livestream: Alright, we have one more before lunch. Please do not prepare to swarm the lunch table.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, next up, AI, detecting and deploying AI fingerprints for advanced threat detection. A couple colleagues of mine at Microsoft, so,
Incoming livestream: Please welcome Natalie and Juarez.
Incoming livestream: It was there.
Incoming livestream: Full screener.
Incoming livestream: Hello, everyone.
Incoming livestream: Today we will present Bindishield cross-service threat intelligence in LLM Services.
Incoming livestream: A little bit about ourselves. I am Vari Skill, and today I will, we will be presenting, Bindishield, and my colleague is Nati Sark. She is a software engineering at Microsoft.
Incoming livestream: So, let's, jump to the problem.
Incoming livestream: So, many organizations have multiple services, such as, for instance, in case of Microsoft, we have Azure AI Foundry, GitHub Copilot, and M360 Copilot, and these services operate in a siloed way. For instance, there is no information signal from one service to another service.
Incoming livestream: So, and this makes the threat intelligence between one service to another service a very complicated problem. And the problem is that the data between these services cannot be shared. So, this is the key problem.
Incoming livestream: And we need a cross-service boundary threat correlation that respects user privacy, because we cannot just share the raw prompt from one service to another service. And the system, at the same time, also need to be robust against minor perturbations against such attacks, like prompt injection attacks.
Incoming livestream: And, you know, if an adversary finds one effective prompt injection attack, it can spray across all of the services of an organization.
Incoming livestream: So, let's discuss how we can solve, this, this problem. So here is the, let's say, the high-level architecture of Binder Shield. So let's say we have an attacker, and attacker is sending the prompt rejection to, a similar prompted action to multiple services.
Incoming livestream: So, for instance, in this case, we have, service 1, service 2, service 3, and attacker is, is sending, prompt P1, P2, P3 across all these services, and let's suppose, the service, 3 is able to detect this prompt, that this is a prompt injection attack, and, and each prompt has two parts, basically, in terms of threat correlation.
Incoming livestream: One is private, which are the protected logs. For instance, the user privacy, user, user queries, and the prompts. Those are the… that part of the user query is private, and the other part is the metadata. For instance, a region of the query, what tools are called, during, execution of this query.
Incoming livestream: So, in the next step, what Bindishield does, in the first step, we remove the PIA, personal identifiers. For instance, in the query, let's say if we have social security numbers, or any, any, any, anything which is, personally, which can identify a person, so we remove it.
Incoming livestream: And, in the second step, we generate the embeddings from this PI redacted text.
Incoming livestream: In the third step, we do the quantization, which is basically we are project… we are taking the embeddings, and we are converting into just, 0-1 bindy quantization. And in the final step, we add the differential privacy. By the differential privacy means we randomly flip
Incoming livestream: bits, from this, from the quantizer beddings.
Incoming livestream: to add noise. And, in the final… and then we have… we attach the system metadata, such as the, how long this story, takes to execute.
Incoming livestream: the region of the query, so those, those are the parts in the, in this fingerprint which are related to system metadata, and finally, we announce it to the service 1 and Service 2. Remember that the attack was detected in, P3. So in this way, the binary shield is able to, correlate threat from one service to another service in a privacy-preserving way.
Incoming livestream: Next, a quick evaluation of the results. So, on the x-axis, we have the binder shield privacy budget, and on the y-axis, we have the accuracy, which is the threat correlation accuracy.
Incoming livestream: And as we can… and the idea over here is that the, as we decrease the privacy budget, we add more noise, and the detection accuracy goes to zero. For instance, at roughly around, 0.5, we have 0% accuracy, which is due to… because we add, we flipped almost all the bits.
Incoming livestream: In the quantized embeddings.
Incoming livestream: And as we increase the privacy budget, we are adding less noise, and we can see that the, binder shield, fingerprints are achieving the accuracy closer to the denser bindings. And, so… and here is another benefit of, using, the binder shield.
Incoming livestream: that it's significant faster as compared to, just using the floating-point embeddings. And on the x-axis, over here, we have the, co-op size, the dataset size, and the y-axis, we have the search time. And as we can see, the dataset size is increasing. The search, the dense embedding has a significant overhead.
Incoming livestream: for threat correlation, and at the same time, the binding shield is 36x, faster in terms of threat correlation.
Incoming livestream: And, so the key takeaway is that Bindley Shield provides semantics, speed, privacy, and, now I will hand over to, my colleague Nati. She will walk through all the steps in detail, in her demo. Thank you.
Incoming livestream: Awesome. Thanks, Waris. So before I dive straight into the code, just to kind of summarize what Waris went through, we really need the ability to correlate related prompt injections.
Incoming livestream: through unrelated products or services without revealing any customer content. So that's kind of the goal. We're just kind of walked through, like, the what, so what it is. And in this next part, when it loads…
Incoming livestream: I'll give it a second. I'm going to walk through a demo of how you actually implement these, some of the trade-offs and choices you make when implementing this, and then also, using these fingerprints, how you might apply that to your product suite.
Incoming livestream: One second…
Incoming livestream: why this is…
Incoming livestream: Okay, great. So, like I mentioned, in Act 1, we're going to actually build the fingerprint, so the four-step sequence, that Worst described, and we're going to go step-by-step what this means.
Incoming livestream: So, the first step is to remove all personally identifiable information from the prompt. So, in this example here, we have, my name is John Smith. We strip that name away, and we replace it with kind of a holder.
Incoming livestream: We do that for all things like social security numbers, emails, etc, and we just redact all of that information. So that's the first step of the pipeline.
Incoming livestream: We, just to kind of call this out, in our implementation, we use an open source library called Procido, but there are many different ways, to do this.
Incoming livestream: The next step is we translate, these strings, these words, into embeddings, so vectors that capture the semantic meaning, in long lists of numbers.
Incoming livestream: So, we take this redacted prompt, we feed it into an embedding model, we used, text embedding 3 large from OpenAI, but to reduce costs, there are many different implementations of this.
Incoming livestream: And in the output, we get long lists of floating point numbers.
Incoming livestream: The next step, the third step, is to quantize it. So what we're doing here is we're compressing this long list of, long floating point numbers into just zeros and ones. So we're reducing the amount of memory it takes up, which leads to efficiency gains.
Incoming livestream: And it also, makes the pipeline more one-way. So we're intentionally losing information.
Incoming livestream: That's kind of encapsulated by these long floating-point numbers to make it more difficult for an adversary to reverse engineer this pipeline and ultimately gain any private information from the users.
Incoming livestream: And then the last step is, adding differential privacy and essentially injecting noise into this list of integers. So what this means, it's controlled by this value called epsilon.
Incoming livestream: And when epsilon is large, the bits don't change, so that means that there's very little privacy, but high utility.
Incoming livestream: And then the inverse is also true. When epsilon is small, the bits are more random, so there's a lot of privacy, but very little utility.
Incoming livestream: And just to double-click here, epsilon should be kind of a function of your organization. We don't particularly make a recommendation of what epsilon should be, but rather it should be kind of contingent on your own use case, how
Incoming livestream: Compliant, the data is that you're working with, and kind of a close collaboration with your legal teams to understand, what's…
Incoming livestream: What level of privacy you need to attain before you can look at these fingerprints and share them in a safe manner.
Incoming livestream: And then all I'm doing here, is stringing together those four steps, so we're creating the fingerprint. I'm just gonna go a little faster.
Incoming livestream: And then, just to make it super concrete, I've created a list of 4 prompts. So we have 3 kind of variations of the canonical ignore all system instruction prompt, which we call, like, a prompt injection. It could potentially override, the intended behavior of your system.
Incoming livestream: And then one benign prompt. So, what is the weather in Seattle? It's not something that we would assume to be, malicious, and is very different from those three prompts.
Incoming livestream: So I'm going to kind of show a matrix here. And what I'm trying to demonstrate here is that prompts that are similar
Incoming livestream: Are ultimately more similar fingerprints.
Incoming livestream: So, if this system is to work, we want to be able to correlate related prompts that are very, very similar, i.e, capture maybe, like, a spray attack of related prompt injections, and we don't want to catch, like, benign prompts or things that are very dissimilar.
Incoming livestream: So to walk through this diagram, the original, Variant 1 and Variant 2 were all of those related prompts of ignore all system instructions.
Incoming livestream: And you can see that the… we call it Hamming distance, like the distance between these fingerprints.
Incoming livestream: Is much lower, so it's like a lighter color.
Incoming livestream: Whereas the difference between the benign prompts and the original variant 1, Variant 2, this lower row in this, the row… the column to the right-hand side, they have much higher distances. So the fingerprints are farther away, so it's easier to understand that they're different.
Incoming livestream: So that's the how, like, that's how you might create a fingerprint. And the last kind of step that I want to walk through is what it actually means to integrate this into your product suite. So, to just give, like, a brief overview first,
Incoming livestream: For any sort of company or organization that has more than one product.
Incoming livestream: It's very likely that your safety stack is going to start to diverge. So, ultimately, it would be great if, as security and safety practitioners, all of the products had all of the best practices and all looked the same, but unfortunately, given, like.
Incoming livestream: dev velocity, and different customer requirements, different regulatory requirements, different regions you're deploying in. It's very likely that as an organization, you're going to end up with a very messy situation very quickly, where you have many products with different safety stacks.
Incoming livestream: And if an attack is caught by one product, it might not be caught by all products. So, this is kind of what we're trying to solve here.
Incoming livestream: We implement a couple things. One is a registry, which Woris kind of talked about, and the key thing here is that we publish fingerprints. So if we identify an attack.
Incoming livestream: We're going to fingerprint it, and we're going to broadcast it to all of the services, so all services will now be able to catch that same attack.
Incoming livestream: So if an adversary has one prompt injection that's very effective, or small perturbations that are very effective at that one prompt injection, and it sprays it against your entire suite, with this registry, you should be able to effectively publish.
Incoming livestream: And then to kind of demonstrate this point, I've created 3 different services. So here, to demonstrate that idea of, like, we have different safety stacks.
Incoming livestream: Each service, service alpha, beta, and gamma, they have different block lists.
Incoming livestream: Hopefully, in your production systems, you have more sophisticated, ways of catching malicious activity. But to kind of, like, make it very succinct, we have 3 different block lists for 3 different services.
Incoming livestream: And they catch different things. So, the first service, alpha, is able to catch the pattern, ignore all previous instructions, but service gamma is not able to.
Incoming livestream: And to tie this all together, I'm just going to open up just, like, some print statements.
Incoming livestream: So what I did here is I fed all four prompts, remember those, original, the two variants, and then the benign, through all three services.
Incoming livestream: And only in service alpha was I actually able to catch that ignore all system instructions.
Incoming livestream: So, what's supposed to happen here is then Service Alpha fingerprints that prompt, and it broadcasts to Service Beta and Gamma. And now, all services
Incoming livestream: are able to catch that same variant of prompt injections. So the next time that the adversary kind of sprays that attack, now all of the services have that same capability of catching the attack without having to recall their entire safety stacks.
Incoming livestream: I think that is time, and that's all I have. We're happy to answer any questions now.
Incoming livestream: I have a Slack question about whether the components of this are gonna be open sourced, so I'll start there.
Incoming livestream: So, right now the paper is available. It didn't take me too long to make the notebook with Cloud Code, so I would, start there, but we are, we can definitely look into open sourcing this.
Incoming livestream: Mike on… Mike on its way.
Incoming livestream: When you are quantizing your embeddings, you are converting them to zeros and ones. It seems you are losing a lot of semantics there. How do you address that? And on your privacy budget side, every time you create a fingerprint, you are consuming some of your privacy budget. How do you refresh that?
Incoming livestream: Great question.
Incoming livestream: So, first, to answer your question, so this is, definitely we are losing semantics, but for instance, if you say, if you see that the embeddings are usually, like, they have a high
Incoming livestream: dimensions, for instance, 768 dimension, or let's say, 30s, 84, or something like that for a text OpenA embedding model. So there is a lot of information which is encoded into 01 information, even still if we, let's say, convert it into 0 and 1.
Incoming livestream: So there is still a lot of semantic information, which is very useful for detecting attacks, and that's what we, observed in our evaluations. So we have, and the, to your point, to, the privacy budget, that is, we also vary it, and then we see, for instance, the utility, for instance. If we…
Incoming livestream: flip so many bits, the utility will go down to zero. So definitely, like, there is a trade-off. If we consume
Incoming livestream: less budget. Let's say if we have a lower privacy budget, we will be adding more noise.
Incoming livestream: And, this is a trade-off, which we have observed. And that's what, Natalie mentioned, that we do not, specify any particular budget for this threat correlation.
Incoming livestream: And it depends, on the organization. They can work with their privacy teams to, basically, come up with that particular epsilon number, for the noise.
Incoming livestream: Great talk, and I have a question, so I feel like right now you're just, like, catching the prompt, like,
Incoming livestream: one by one, like, whack-a-mole. I was wondering if there's… if it's possible once we find… you find, like, a prompt that's, like, evil, and you can, like, generate variants using large length models, and then… so you can, like, put them in the registry. So instead of, like, having to catch them one by one, you can, like, generate variants and, like, prevent them, ahead of time.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, I have a couple thoughts there. So, the point of, the fingerprint being fuzzy, also, like, remember in the demo, I created two variants of the same prompt?
Incoming livestream: yes, you can and should definitely generate your own synthetic data, but ultimately, this technique, captures, like, a ring around the original prompts. It would catch small perturbations that you would end up getting from that, like, whack-a-mole situation, if that makes sense.
Incoming livestream: So we're not catching, verbatim prompts one by one, we're capturing the prompt you want to catch, and then small perturbations as well. And you can kind of adjust your threshold as needed if you want to kind of catch a wider range.
Incoming livestream: Thanks very much. Awesome.
Incoming livestream: Alright, it is now lunchtime.
Incoming livestream: We're back on track. Thank you. And also, thank you for bringing a Jupyter Notebook to an AI conference. I mean, the only one?
Incoming livestream: lunchtime. So, there are sandwiches over there. There are 650 sandwiches, which is maybe slightly more than the number of people we have here, hopefully.
Incoming livestream: Should be, at least. However, it's gonna be a little bit slow, so we're gonna ask you to be patient, pick up a sandwich, walk around, find a place to sit. We'll be back here 1.30?
Incoming livestream: is when we're gonna start, so let's be back here at 1.25. I'll see you guys then. It's an afternoon of attack-focused talk, so it should be much more…
Incoming livestream: Well, should be fun. Cheers.